README.md, before:

# 文淵閣總目, wyg-registry

Packages registry for [wyg](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg)

### 📦 Publish Your Own Packages

- Create a git repo on Github/Gitlab/Bitbucket
- Commit your code and make sure `序.wy`(as entry) in the root.
- Clone this repo and modify the [`registry-packages.ts`](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg-registry/blob/master/registry-packages.ts) and add your package info. The details is included in the file as comments.
- Create a PR of your changes.
- Once the PR got merged, your package will published automatically!

You can also check out [`子曰<antfu/ziyue-wy>`](https://github.com/antfu/ziyue-wy) as an example.

## Avaliable Packages

<!--GENERATED_DO_NOT_MODIFY-->
<!--package_list_start-->

- [交互秘術](https://github.com/GLanguage/jiaohu-wy/tree/master) - IO for wenyan-lang - by [GLanguage](https://github.com/GLanguage)
- [刻漏](https://github.com/akira-cn/kelou-wy/tree/master) - JavaScript timers for wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [子曰](https://github.com/antfu/ziyue-wy/tree/master) - Cowsay for wenyan-lang - by [antfu](https://github.com/antfu)
- [柯裡化法](https://github.com/akira-cn/currying-wy/tree/master) - Currying for wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [简体秘术](https://github.com/lymslive/wyg-packages/tree/jiantihua) - Use simplified Chinese keywords and punctuation for wenyan-lang - by [lymslive](https://github.com/lymslive/wyg-packages)
- [腳本秘術](https://github.com/akira-cn/script-wy/tree/master) - Embed scripts into wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [質問](https://github.com/alainsaas/prompt-wy/tree/master) - Prompt for wenyan-lang - by [alainsaas](https://github.com/alainsaas)

<!--package_list_end-->

> The list above might not be always update to date, you can check out https://wyg.wy-lang.org/ for realtime list.

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg-registry/blob/master/LICENSE) © 2020 [Anthony Fu](https://github.com/antfu)

Commit message:

add 符經 (#10)
* add 符經

Escape special characters in wenyan string

* add 符經

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# 文淵閣總目, wyg-registry

Packages registry for [wyg](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg)

### 📦 Publish Your Own Packages

- Create a git repo on Github/Gitlab/Bitbucket
- Commit your code and make sure `序.wy`(as entry) in the root.
- Clone this repo and modify the [`registry-packages.ts`](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg-registry/blob/master/registry-packages.ts) and add your package info. The details is included in the file as comments.
- Create a PR of your changes.
- Once the PR got merged, your package will published automatically!

You can also check out [`子曰<antfu/ziyue-wy>`](https://github.com/antfu/ziyue-wy) as an example.

## Avaliable Packages

<!--GENERATED_DO_NOT_MODIFY-->
<!--package_list_start-->

- [交互秘術](https://github.com/GLanguage/jiaohu-wy/tree/master) - IO for wenyan-lang - by [GLanguage](https://github.com/GLanguage)
- [刻漏](https://github.com/akira-cn/kelou-wy/tree/master) - JavaScript timers for wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [子曰](https://github.com/antfu/ziyue-wy/tree/master) - Cowsay for wenyan-lang - by [antfu](https://github.com/antfu)
- [柯裡化法](https://github.com/akira-cn/currying-wy/tree/master) - Currying for wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [简体秘术](https://github.com/lymslive/wyg-packages/tree/jiantihua) - Use simplified Chinese keywords and punctuation for wenyan-lang - by [lymslive](https://github.com/lymslive/wyg-packages)
- [腳本秘術](https://github.com/akira-cn/script-wy/tree/master) - Embed scripts into wenyan-lang - by [akira-cn](https://github.com/akira-cn)
- [解析整數](https://github.com/alainsaas/zh_parseint-wy/tree/master) - parseInt equivalent for wenyan-lang, working with both Chinese and European numerals - by [alainsaas](https://github.com/alainsaas)
- [質問](https://github.com/alainsaas/prompt-wy/tree/master) - Prompt for wenyan-lang - by [alainsaas](https://github.com/alainsaas)
- [符經](https://github.com/GLanguage/fujing-wy/tree/master) - Escape special characters in wenyan string - by [GLanguage](https://github.com/GLanguage)

<!--package_list_end-->

> The list above might not be always update to date, you can check out https://wyg.wy-lang.org/ for realtime list.

## License

[MIT License](https://github.com/wenyan-lang/wyg-registry/blob/master/LICENSE) © 2020 [Anthony Fu](https://github.com/antfu)
